README.md, before:

:exclamation: **Important update for the Attendance Registration Project**

node_modules folder containing dependency information is gitignored. On your first run-through:
1. Open AttendanceRegisterProject in VS Code
2. View > Terminal
3. Enter `cd backend` inside the terminal to navigate to the backend folder
    1. Enter `npm i express mongoose body-parser` to install required dependencies 
    2. Enter `node app.js` once dependencies have been installed 
4. Enter `localhost:3000` in the URL of a browser

---

### Table of contents
1. [Introduction and Task](#introduction-and-task)
2. [System Design](#system-design)
    1. [Project Structure](#project-structure)
3. [How to Run the Attendance Register Project](#how-to-run-the-attendance-register-project)
    1. [Running the Application](#running-the-application)
    2. [Setting up MongoDB Locally](#setting-up-mongodb-locally)

## Introduction and Task
In this assessment you will design and build a Web application that makes use of modern application development frameworks and development techniques. You will demonstrate your understanding of the design techniques, architectures and technical opportunities provided by such frameworks. 
You will be working on teams of 3 to 5. Details about confirming your team composition will be circulated separately on the Blackboard site and during classes.

This application should be built to meet the needs of the clients in the case study presented in a separate document. The case study has been selected as it offers several challenges with regards to design, usability, security, and privacy. Your design should reflect these issues; we expect designs and implementations that deal with each of these key challenges.  This assessment will require a coordinated approach and as such, we expect you to plan your time appropriately using an appropriate project management model. 

Your design should consider the case study holistically. For implementation, you can select two or three major functionalities within your group. The selected functionalities should include at least two types of users.

## System Design
### Project Structure

| Folder                | Description                                                                                   |
| -------------         | -------------                                                                                 |
| Placeholder           | Placeholder description.             |
| Placeholder           | Placeholder description.             |
| Placeholder           | Placeholder description.             |
| Placeholder           | Placeholder description.             |

## How to Run the Attendance Register Project
### Running the Application
Explanation on how to run the application.

### Setting up MongoDB Locally
Explanation on how to set up MongoDB to run it locally.

Commit message:

Add frontend vue with components and pages
Adds a frontend using vue. Adds components for layouts, navigation and authentication. Also adds a homepage view.

README.md, after:

:exclamation: **Important update for the Attendance Registration Project**

**Backend: First run-through**
1. Open AttendanceRegisterProject in VS Code
2. View > Terminal
3. Enter `cd backend` inside the terminal to navigate to the backend folder
    1. Enter `npm i express mongoose body-parser` to install required dependencies 
    2. Enter `node app.js` once dependencies have been installed 
    3. To terminate the program, enter `CTRL + C` 
4. Enter `localhost:3000` in the URL of a browser

**Backend: Running the program**
1. View > Terminal
2. Enter `cd backend` if not already inside the backend folder
    1. Enter `node app.js` to run the program
    2. Enter `localhost:3000` in the URL of the browser
    3. To terminate the program, enter `CTRL + C`

**Frontend: First run-though**
Still working on this...

**Frontend: Running the program**
1. View > Terminal
2. Enter `cd frontend` if not already inside the backend folder
    1. Enter `npm run serve` to run the program
    2. Enter `localhost:8080` in the URL of the browser
    3. To terminate the program, enter `CTRL + C`

---

### Table of contents
1. [Introduction and Task](#introduction-and-task)
2. [System Design](#system-design)
    1. [Project Structure](#project-structure)
3. [How to Run the Attendance Register Project](#how-to-run-the-attendance-register-project)
    1. [Running the Application](#running-the-application)
    2. [Setting up MongoDB Locally](#setting-up-mongodb-locally)

## Introduction and Task
In this assessment you will design and build a Web application that makes use of modern application development frameworks and development techniques. You will demonstrate your understanding of the design techniques, architectures and technical opportunities provided by such frameworks. 
You will be working on teams of 3 to 5. Details about confirming your team composition will be circulated separately on the Blackboard site and during classes.

This application should be built to meet the needs of the clients in the case study presented in a separate document. The case study has been selected as it offers several challenges with regards to design, usability, security, and privacy. Your design should reflect these issues; we expect designs and implementations that deal with each of these key challenges.  This assessment will require a coordinated approach and as such, we expect you to plan your time appropriately using an appropriate project management model. 

Your design should consider the case study holistically. For implementation, you can select two or three major functionalities within your group. The selected functionalities should include at least two types of users.

## System Design
### Project Structure

| Folder                | Description                                                                                   |
| -------------         | -------------                                                                                 |
| Placeholder           | Placeholder description.             |
| Placeholder           | Placeholder description.             |
| Placeholder           | Placeholder description.             |
| Placeholder           | Placeholder description.             |

## How to Run the Attendance Register Project
### Running the Application
Explanation on how to run the application.

### Setting up MongoDB Locally
Explanation on how to set up MongoDB to run it locally.
